Cole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do something kind of additional today and it can take a little bit of time, but let's see if we can get each other at eye level.
Gwenevere Abriel: With books or I don't know what. What do you think, what's a way to get us i level, a bit more. What do you think
Nicole Bacon: Am I too high on your end,
Nicole Bacon: I'm fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty cool. Yeah, I like that.
Okay.
All right.
Nicole Bacon: Opened up a note here. Okay.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I got together. I got it together, together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do
Nicole Bacon: Last night I went on a cleaning spree.
Nicole Bacon: And I filled out on my wall across my bed. I have this thing. I got some Hobby Lobby, and it's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday for the whole week. And as the days on the top that you could change. And I felt that whole thing out with the with Mark
Nicole Bacon: Chalk marker.
Nicole Bacon: And
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, when I feel the cleaning coming. I have to just go with it or else
Gwenevere Abriel: I will be there for a while.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. It comes in spurts so I cleaned all the dishes like it looks pretty good, because I have a client coming over later.
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, to do her dreads so
Gwenevere Abriel: How long does that take curious.
Nicole Bacon: Whoa. Last time it took four hours misty
Gwenevere Abriel: You were comfy shoes and the whole deal. Make sure you're taking care of your legs and
Nicole Bacon: Yes, it's mostly my hands and I were those copper bracelets those really help. Oh, that's smart. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: And but before that have to go check in this you may feel today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me just say yes to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say yes. Yes, I'll do it. You've done it. Yes, yes. I like your yes yes yes yes yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so what is your P O interested and he wants you to have a job doesn't need
Nicole Bacon: A job being a program and
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: I'm gonna bring up the guidebook that he gave me because it's very limited. And I guess if you're not in the system.
Nicole Bacon: You would know that you need permission to travel or to do anything but under that area just says, Let us know if you're going out of the country. So I feel like they need to update that
Nicole Bacon: Something make it more in depth because
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I hear you. That's a really important piece. I worked in felony drug court for 14 years. So for me, it's very familiar. Like, you gotta if you did the crime. Here, you do the time here. Like, that's the mentality. So for me, it's like the bus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Route, but a judge or someone can give consent. Let's say treatment says, yay, and probation officer says, yay, justice, yay, everybody's on the same page. Then, off you go. It just takes some logistics and some some permissions, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what happened with that.
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, but for you know people that are new in the system. They. There's a lot of stuff that I have to just
Nicole Bacon: Be like, Okay, I guess I understand that because my mom's asking like, Well, what if we wanted to take a little road trip together mean new my mom wants to bond with me. And I'm like, I don't know. Mom, I have to ask him, you know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you would. And, and I think the key pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you think about it, like, unfortunately, like I'm a kid again. This is a, this is a firm parent. I gotta ask
Gwenevere Abriel: It's messed up. But that's the way it is.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Nicole Bacon: I just wish they would put it in the handbook because I referred to it because I didn't know you know and my probation officers, kind of like I'll text them. And sometimes, so get back to me sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it's a week later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things like clean drug screens compliance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working. They just, they just want just hit the mark hit the mark. Let me say yes. Make saying yes easy for him as the cadence.
Right.
Nicole Bacon: Saying, Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So more and more information and maybe you've got some suggestions about how to make it.
Gwenevere Abriel: More concrete in the manual
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not a career criminal. So you're like, I don't know.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I
Nicole Bacon: I get real frustrated when things aren't clear, you know, and
Nicole Bacon: Mike was like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're seeing him later today.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah hour after we're done with our appointment. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prior to cleaning. How has the mood been
Nicole Bacon: Better good
Nicole Bacon: I was kind of being lazy. The last couple days and
Nicole Bacon: And now reaching out to people and I reached out to a couple people realized one of my friends is moving right in this area because right now this townhome here in Albuquerque. If I don't find a roommate within a month. I'm going to have to move back to my parents house.
Nicole Bacon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's confusing because they I thought they didn't want you to have a roommate.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I that's a conundrum. I don't guess I don't quite get it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, my mom's a conundrum.
Nicole Bacon: I put it up on Airbnb, and it was fine when I wasn't here and I was in Santa Fe and they could have a whole house when I put it up again. My mom's like, I don't really want you to have strangers in there.
Nicole Bacon: I'm like, okay, and if she goes back and forth. It's strange. I think she just really wants me to be right there, but
But
Gwenevere Abriel: What I don't know if you said, I don't understand how I'm going to pay for this. If I don't get a roommate, like, Did that get said
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes, because my dad's losing out on money right now.
Nicole Bacon: What did you haven't paid rent.
Gwenevere Abriel: She say when you said I need a roommate, so I can cover this rent.
Nicole Bacon: Um, I've been bringing it up to her, but they finally gave me like an ultimatum like a time limit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I gotta get clear. Did you tell your mom, I need a roommate so that I can cover my rent.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she said, what
Nicole Bacon: She says, a couple of different things. She says within a month, I need to find a roommate.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's down with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, fine. So now comes in, she's not really worried about roommate is she worried about something else.
Nicole Bacon: I think she is because I put it up on Facebook, just to see if there's any, like, people that I know. And she's like, who's this, who's this and this, that replied how my mom, you know, I have the ability to not reply to certain people, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right. What's your actual fear.
Nicole Bacon: Could control and
Nicole Bacon: Drag a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that. That's her her personality style a character trait. What she afraid will happen.
Nicole Bacon: Drugs, I don't know, not having a scary person living here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not sure
Nicole Bacon: Being safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ask her what are you afraid of
Nicole Bacon: Fear Itself.
Nicole Bacon: Where are you, where do you think of every possible dangerous situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in this communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the tricky bit is
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking, What are you afraid of
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So typically you fill in big based on past behavior. This is probably, probably a but I can tell by you are kind of throwing different things at me. What it says is, you didn't ask her.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I guess I didn't
Nicole Bacon: Know, I didn't
Nicole Bacon: What not specifically was she afraid of
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that at the heart of it.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I guess we just, there's an issue right there with living situation and my mom.
Nicole Bacon: Like
Nicole Bacon: That there is an issue there that's that needs to be talked about and cleared up a little bit because she's been wishy washy with me about living situation and
Nicole Bacon: And what she promised me
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you do you share any part of wishy washy that things sort of stay wishy washy.
Nicole Bacon: I don't want it to stay wishy washy, but it
Nicole Bacon: Over the last couple years it's been
Nicole Bacon: Her opinion on what she wants for me has shifted around
Nicole Bacon: A lot as far as living situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that you're talking really vague. Are you aware that it's really general
Nicole Bacon: Sorry.
Nicole Bacon: You have to be sorry hands. I do that okay I guess what it is, is, um, well, when I moved back from Portland. She promised that I could move into her rental house around the corner and that didn't happen because she
Nicole Bacon: A month later, it was my 30th birthday party, and I got pretty toasted, and she asked me if I was messed up. And I said, Yes. And she used that excuse for me to not move into that house. And it's been kind of like this weird thing with me and her cuz she's never gone back on her word
Nicole Bacon: I see this pattern of
Nicole Bacon: Like with my grandma She has her sons living with her since until they're in their 50s. So it's like she wants me my dad's more wanting me to have my own space and take care of myself, my mom still like, oh. Come here, baby bird. I want to see you right there and you know okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about this. She's never broken her word. What is, what was that there was a just a piece of fragment of a statement there was that
Nicole Bacon: A anything that she has proposed.
Nicole Bacon: She doesn't really say we, I promise. But that she has proposed, she has followed through on and this one thing she did not
Nicole Bacon: And I feel like it led to a lot of more drug use, because I didn't have my own space when I thought I was going to
Nicole Bacon: So yeah, so as far as here. I did that Airbnb. And then she's like, wait, take that off. I don't want you to have strangers in your house, but I'm going to have a stranger in my house as a roommate, so I'm confused as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look at wishy washy I need
Nicole Bacon: A color. I need to call her right now.
Nicole Bacon: Cuz my dad says one thing he's very clear on it. My mom is kind of
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, strange about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just let's do a here and now. Noticing let's let's pay attention to what's coming up in the present.
Gwenevere Abriel: So turn inward, let's say, Take this opportunity. So I know it's not, you know, in some ways, I have been
Gwenevere Abriel: A safe person to be present with your own truth so see if that's happening again. See if you can go in to yourself. Use that part of the brain. It's got a name called the insula. It's pretty cool specific part of the brain that can pay attention to the body and how it's doing
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, my stomach's going offering now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tight hey yeah we're talking about something in her personal with Mother stomach makes sense, it would get tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a typical place for interpersonal
Gwenevere Abriel: Confusion disconnect dissonance.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's mixed message, there's confusion. There's so that makes sense that that would be what's changing
Nicole Bacon: Every time. No.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I did. I mean, that makes sense with the stomach tight with confusion, but I didn't register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, are you confused. Maybe it's not true freedom.
Nicole Bacon: I'm confused with my mom because she she goes, this whole living situation has been back and forth. One thing to the other. She wants me to to be stable and be able to take care of myself and pay rent, but then part of her wants me to be under her household forever until employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, are you okay with doing some work around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it were me
Gwenevere Abriel: And she were here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what do you think that I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To undo the confusion. Right. Probably gather information. I don't know that I have all my information right
Gwenevere Abriel: When I just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not do anything about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sort of
Nicole Bacon: Know, let it sit.
Nicole Bacon: Let it ride. No.
Nicole Bacon: I've tried to clear up the confusion. A couple times and hasn't really gone anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wonder, how might I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do
Nicole Bacon: I'm a mom.
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Nicole Bacon: What I understand that do in debt are tiny is I need to find a roommate within 30 days or else I moved back into your guys's home. Is that correct, and
Nicole Bacon: Do you have limitations on that.
Nicole Bacon: Do you want to be totally in the process or
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, I read it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: So do you have 30 kind of did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's perfect. It's perfect. You just let me in. Right. You did, you did great. So, um, do you have limitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would not phrase it quite like that. Okay, I already know what I think are the sticky points I would ask an informed question of, do you have an expectation that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up with this money without getting a roommate.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would ask that form question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Limitation is big. That's a real that's a general topic limitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't know what you meant. I don't think this person I was talking to would know what that meant, either. So I would ask a very specific question and for which has basically all the information needed in the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they can actually just give me a yes or no. It's got everything they need. There's no fault, like they say yes or no. You can have money if she carried on with some lecture about roommate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe they did it. I would do the thing which is
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you afraid of about me getting a roommate, I see you are monitoring the stuff going on Facebook. What are you afraid of
Gwenevere Abriel: As remember the stuff we've talked about, which is you do. Whoops. Someone just texted you.
Nicole Bacon: And I have you plugged in, and it says low power, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe it's not quite plugged in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the past we have touched on this notion and you've picked up on it and you've, I think, been actually paying close attention to works I'm drifting out I'm starting to seek outside validation approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be okay. I've been looking outside myself. Okay, that's habitual and you've caught yourself think you have some refreshed consciousness about them.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to to pull that off. What I've invited is you don't do any of the analysis for people don't analyze
Nicole Bacon: You can take
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and take what they say at face value. This is one of those opportunities you already have this lifetime of history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of sort of, you can kind of predict what she's thinking. I mean, you're you. You can come to a logical conclusion but you can't afford to do it, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: And afford to do it anymore because this is there, you're doing things differently to see if you can have different outcomes. That's the whole point of it. Right, we're going to bring a CF up and doing this because it's adapted why just doing it because I've just been doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens. Let's see if we have if we do it a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your, what are your concerns.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's your fear if I on my own selected for me because I cannot afford this right now I don't have sort of this steady income coming in. I really want to stay in this place. What's your fear.
Nicole Bacon: Rain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that sound clear
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Nicole Bacon: Versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any limitations.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, oh yeah, oh, but see going I kind of already did the thing that I am used to as being a
Nicole Bacon: People pleasing daughter.
Nicole Bacon: And I already was like, Oh, I'm gonna write up something on Craigslist and I'll send it to you guys before I put it out there and you can be part of the process. And I already. That's automatic for me. Yeah. And I really need to step out of that because I'm an adult and their
Nicole Bacon: Perspectives and traces for me has not been working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's okay. All you do is you just notice it because a relationship is not that one person is prescribing you will stay child for other forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will be baby. You'll never really grow up, you will never have interdependence, you will remain dependent, they're not the only contributing factor in that
Gwenevere Abriel: You buy in by taking the money and the gifts to, you know, that part right it's hard to swallow it sucks, but it's probably a little bit. True.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, it's definitely true definitely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can hold that crew. You can hold all kinds of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can also hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not label yourself bad week even better because you're not. It's just, this is where you're at, you both had
Gwenevere Abriel: This meta communication. This will be the agreement you in some ways continued to along the pattern of I know what I need to do. I'll placate I'll play small so that you continue to be a benefactor, maybe, I don't know if that's the real game, but if it is
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to depart from it a little bit just to test and see if you have the ego strength if they have the ego strength. You can depart, a little bit at a time. And so maybe that's what you're up to, is just a little bit, maybe not all at once. But we just get to China.
Gwenevere Abriel: individuation finally right that's what it is. It's individuation and it got delayed. That's all.
Just delayed.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no prescription that it has to be here, here, here, and here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without trauma, you know, typically that kind of it starts with are catching an attitude about 12 right we're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like my own opinion. I want to wear what I want to wear a book and then it just pops up a little bit more. And we get to stay out later we get to have more independence, we get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to the mall. We get to travel alone on the bus. We get to do some things on our own. But if that gets stalled up the messages. My family can't trust me, maybe I can't trust myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets stalled up I'm treated like a child commonly seen as this vulnerable creature than maybe they're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can get confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why it's okay. That's why right now. So, okay, that's also naming it own it not shaming it but just let's. This is what we got is this is what we got. This is what we're trying to work on and we'll do just a little bit because that's appropriate. We don't just up, you're an adult by
Nicole Bacon: And, well, that's kind of, I mean, I was really like that and
Nicole Bacon: I went through a breakup and my moms like if you move back. She told me about 20 times if you move back I can move into her rental house, I'd be mine and I came back and that didn't happen. And I felt like I let go of all that I let go of being an adult and kind of reverting back and
Nicole Bacon: Painful
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this is a hard spot right here and quality. You know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try, let me change my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: What message does that send your mother what you did.
Nicole Bacon: Well message.
Nicole Bacon: Um, that she was going to be the hero and caretaker. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then, don't rush it just, I just asked you a really hard question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm not supposed to know right away.
Nicole Bacon: Can you ask it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, let's make sure you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get back to okay because something's coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's practice the skills of clear communication and see if we can we can do sort of interpersonal work and see if you can
Nicole Bacon: Tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Nicole Bacon: heart wrenching
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes feelings don't have their labels connected
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, too. You're going to be okay. You're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take take your little pause and put them off, you can feel those glasses and why don't you describe what you see, let's use some of that that grounding in the five senses. Why don't we do that.
Nicole Bacon: RO Le Pew.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can keep your eyes closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel feel the glasses. Is it snows, tell me what you feel with your, with your fingers.
Nicole Bacon: Us.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and bumpy on the top part
Nicole Bacon: And then those pads are like
Nicole Bacon: Wonky
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. And
Nicole Bacon: That ends of the year.
Nicole Bacon: That goes around my ears or lunch done by little kitty teeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's once you're done with that sense I want you to turn the sense of hearing your eyes close. What do you hear
Nicole Bacon: You hear the
Nicole Bacon: The heater going
Gwenevere Abriel: Here your sniffles
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything outside of the home that you hear out there.
Nicole Bacon: Um, my cat walking around and
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Nicole Bacon: The fridge making noises
Nicole Bacon: Nice.
What do you smell.
Nicole Bacon: I smell.
Nicole Bacon: I can smell it, because it's my noses stuffed up
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring that your fabric to your
Nicole Bacon: Nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: From your sweater.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got in there.
Nicole Bacon: Smells like
Nicole Bacon: Trey
And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your eyes and look in the camera and tell me what you see, just not what it is not labels, but just data coming from your eyes just data.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gold
Nicole Bacon: bold letters smooth.
Nicole Bacon: Green.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, whoa, what
Nicole Bacon: Bar code.
Nicole Bacon: Fingers
Gwenevere Abriel: Red
Nicole Bacon: Red and yellow and blue, white,
Nicole Bacon: And
Nicole Bacon: Veins going through
Nicole Bacon: And shiny.
Nicole Bacon: Smooth
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body. See, are you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to a nice light breath. Just remind the body that you are safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that body send a message up to the brain that whatever perceived distress was going on this body knows better
Nicole Bacon: You're safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, in contradiction to that thought right that happen bodies. Okay. You gotta send that we've got to get that message up in contradiction to that automatic thought okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Something important just happen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have a name that feeling doesn't have a name.
Nicole Bacon: It's like four together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But the stomach was messaging in creating nasza
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that's pretty powerful because it's like this stomach cramps, but usually doesn't get to the najah
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's stay. Let's stay on the outside of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I'm outside enough
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I said
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not uncommon for people and parents to
Gwenevere Abriel: Not know how to communicate well themselves and they send mixed messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said, she may say grow up, but she shows you stay small stay meeting me
Nicole Bacon: If
Nicole Bacon: Right. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a consumer of that mixed message. And if it's true that it's been there a while, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How do we know which one to respond to
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Nicole Bacon: Guess I have the choice to respond.
Nicole Bacon: Which way I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do, but that's a tricky. It's tricky. So notice how earlier today. You said I really like it when things are clear. I'm on my man to say definitively
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's probably a longing for that clarity. Just keep it direct just tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you want. This is, this is what's going to happen if it doesn't just keep it did and you didn't hate when I did that behavior contract. I was expecting justice unraveling right because it's so like probation sounding. It's like, what is so bossy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It was right there in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laid out this. Is this what's expected of me. It's clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I like clear because if it's not clear, I get the stomach feelings I get all these weird uncomfortable sensations in my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your, your stomach is a good barometer of income currency.
It's a good. It's a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Space in there you know it, it will register dissonance that pop received mixed message conflicting information is coming out me it will register it. And notice how you didn't understand what was going on your limbic system said something. There's a perceived threat that just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And cried.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hoof right flood, but you couldn't name it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body is there for you. It registers something's off Clinton important is happening. And those are
Gwenevere Abriel: Older right adaptations. The one where you can analyze it and label it. They're further along and development that stuff you're describing
Gwenevere Abriel: We're born with those we we have our startle response and we have our emotional reaction way before we've got language and the ability to analyze and think through. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not going anywhere. That's going to be there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forever, your ability to register threat, but it isn't the only thing happening, the only challenge with like the amygdala, for example, is that it only does that one thing. It's just, danger, danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Danger Danger. Oh, we're not in
Gwenevere Abriel: Danger, danger, danger, danger, danger. Oh, not in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amber like I'm more than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm like, I've got these other parts of my brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's true, but it may not be the whole truth and the tricky bit is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Something important happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's registering something, just doesn't mean that other things aren't happening. All you need is that all of the parts of the brain are communicating with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you get too much too fast, it cuts off access to the thinker, this guy up here. The Thinker, the one that can go dude. Really, I'm going to get all upset about this.
Nicole Bacon: Man, because he could have faith, like my mom. Yeah, that's. Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not using your finger and most people will say, that's who I am, when I'm thinking that's why am I am conscious. I'm not me. I'm not. I'm out of me. I'm not me. I'm not thinking a lot of people relate to the self as the thinker part of the brain. It's who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So rewind a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: When you run across conflicting information you have a messenger from your stomach that registers it now you have a choice there to ignore it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is possibly what you may have been doing in the past. But this time, you can say something important happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you do around mixed messages. So we're trying to stay superficial so you don't have to go to mom if you don't want to, you can pick someone else that sent you a mixed message and it registered in that stomach me trying to kind of pull up a memory of that.
Nicole Bacon: All day long.
Nicole Bacon: All day long. Wow.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So that role play that I was doing so easily. Right. Well, this is what I would tell your mom right I make it look so easy because my style is not turning
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: A there's no skin in the game for me. She saw my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no love on the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just not going to be taken anything for me. She doesn't have anything of mine, so it's easy for me to do it right. Easy for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ask a direct question from someone doesn't have to be your mom, but I got it do summer my
Brains just completely obsessed with it right now. What the what.
Okay I can't help it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you picturing maybe do you want us to keep talking about mom or we can pick, pick another another person.
Nicole Bacon: No, that's okay.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I'm I'm I'm maybe thinking that I do get more clarity, when it's me, my mom and my dad all talking about a specific topic.
Nicole Bacon: With him yeah he helped
Nicole Bacon: Me understand my mom because
Nicole Bacon: She'll say one thing and the look on her face is the opposite. You know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. That's really cool that you can see that. Did you know that you have a right to check that out.
Nicole Bacon: With You mean like ask about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So mom, I hear you saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I can borrow the car for a week and go up in the mountains, but your face like because I'm learning. This is how you're out is this
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm learning that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we're sort of wired for connection and our face actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be telling another story and I your face, you're not looking at me. So I'm concerned that maybe you have some ambivalence about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it what you don't really want it looks in contradiction to what you're saying and I feel confused because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so used to listening to your facial expression versus what you're saying over these years, I, I've just I've done that. But I want to know if I should rely on what you're saying, or this perception. I have how you're feeling about it. I don't know which one to listen to, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wholeheartedly. It's okay if I take the car for a week because I i doubt my own perceptions. When I start to second guess your face versus what you're saying and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that i know i do that i do that i second guess it and it's been contributing to my crazy making so I'm going a little nutter butter over here and so would it be okay if I just asked you how you feel about
Letting me take the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it now. I did that really long really long it. A lot of it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: you're relying on an external
Gwenevere Abriel: Person you're down to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: It's been confusing because I mean all my life. She
Nicole Bacon: I'm like, Mom, are you listening. Are you listening. I'm trying to tell you something important. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, she's not listening like her eyes are glazed over
Nicole Bacon: And I tried to, like, you know, touch your arm and be like, Mom, I'm trying to tell you something important. Oh, yeah. Yeah, like just kind of I see this associates.
Gwenevere Abriel: She just associates.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes. Like the other day she was asking if her head was doing this thing because that will happen when we're watching TV, sometimes. And over the years. It's flared up and I'm like, Mom, do you know you're doing this. She's like, No, and I know she just associates a lot
Nicole Bacon: So it's hard to know. And she's in her body and with she's actually under listening to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's the place to start. Why would we continue talking to someone, if they're not there.
Nicole Bacon: Would you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to be held accountable if you weren't even there.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't like I was kind of it. I was just coping. I was in survival mode for whatever reason. That's my threat response went to freeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was immobilized in fear and I don't know what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just Did you just get here cuz. How you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I am I'm out of it. I'm like, we live to a redo because I was just freaking out just now.
Nicole Bacon: Great. She won't do that though she won't say that she didn't hear or didn't what she does do this thing where she was like, what, haha. I'm like, Mom, you you've heard me. I know you heard anything
Nicole Bacon: Oh no, it's this thing. It's this
Nicole Bacon: The tension thing like I know she hears me sometimes, but sometimes she doesn't. And she's a strange one.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's, there's a lot to unpack
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I just want to, I guess, ask her direct simple questions when I'm confused by her behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the next step and this, this may sound like it's just all by itself. And I'm not trying to oversimplify it because there's going to be you and all the history associated with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just accept the answer you accept any if the answer is, she spaced out and doesn't respond to you. You have a mother that's unavailable to you. You're pretending like that's not real.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I imagine you would not like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be so invalidated right is to not be seen that you are not present that you are an association state.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not available.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Mom will come back later. This doesn't seem like a good time. I'll ask my question later and walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen to your system to your family system. If you met content with your intuitive response. This is the nano manipulation mom getting grind and get her to be something. Nope. She's not available.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been doing it this other way accommodating adapting accommodating adapting to that, but different way is to really see things for what they are. She's not available, and I don't have a lot of family stories. So I, I hope I'm not too off the mark here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You seem like you've kind of got some stuff on your mind. I'll come back and ask my questions later and walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would change right in your family system if you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think would happen
Nicole Bacon: You just changed the better better things
Nicole Bacon: One thing that I have implemented recently is
Nicole Bacon: Instead of sometimes I just know and I'll walk away. And I'm like, Okay, I'll ask her later. I'll just think about in my head, but some lately I've been leaning in because
Nicole Bacon: She'll have some like anger in her voice, but it's not really directed at either me or my dad or the animals, but she's frustrated. For some reason, and
Nicole Bacon: I went to her because usually, she's talking through rooms and stuff. And I've asked the family to please be in the same room to talk to each other because we can't hear each other but I
Nicole Bacon: More. I was like, Mom, is everything okay like what
Nicole Bacon: I hear your frustration. What is really going on. And it was her worrying about something about me and it's usually worry, it's worrying and i i that that worked because
Nicole Bacon: Being in that energy is uncomfortable. And if I can defuse it in a healthy quick way that's, that's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do have. Okay, good. So you've got that skilled in the leaning and that's fantastic. And that would be in the get curious don't analyze it. Find out directly you can check out your assumptions. That's great. And that one worked
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one skill getting various the other ones sometimes is walking away.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's because here. If it, if the consequence is, I'm going to have to go crazy, then that's not an option.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not an option. She's not going to make you nuts, she doesn't get that right.
You need to walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll come back another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a boundary setting right that's self preservation that's I got upset not hammer at it not fight at it not associate not go use but
Gwenevere Abriel: See the limitation for what it is you are able to register a really great moment she was capable of more and she gave more. I'm glad that happened. I'm glad that happened.
Hope you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably got a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your video went off.
Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check on audio. Make sure I can hear ya.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio
Adam: I can hear myself.
As well.
See if it stops.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's proceed. Okay, you're back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's find a place. Find a place for me to land. So I'm not shaking around
Gwenevere Abriel: Your my last appointment today. So we don't want to get some nausea, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of kind of prop me up somewhere. So I'm not moving.
Adam: Been going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see a year at your mom's right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is anybody home.
Adam: Oh, my mom's here, but she's, she's in the room. She's nine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take a minute. Take your time. I have to open a note. Anyway, find a place to set this phone.
Adam: Okay, well, it's just hard because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can go on books and then right in front of you and you can kind of have it kind of in front
Gwenevere Abriel: Like on books or propped up on a coffee table in front of you. Maybe you're on the couch.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. Look around your room and see if there's something you can bring up
Adam: Yeah, just because I had to have it on the charger this but today we're I think that should be good right thing. I see. Okay. So, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a lot going on and we have a finite amount of time.
So,
Adam: Is it is. So the reason
Adam: The last week was hard to that I missed everything was cuz
Adam: Hey, my boys.
Adam: Oh, you know, they were with their mother and she had that new guys in there.
Adam: Well,
Adam: That guy touched my boy. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's out
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay see why EFT involved now right
Adam: Yes. And now this UFC is involved, and they took my boys from her. And it's not like court ordered. I don't have like full custody of them. It's just they believe that
Adam: They will, they're not safe there with her right now. And so they came over here to my mom's and
Adam: And they look in a scene, everything was fine. So they put them with me now. So they're not, they're allowed to see her. Still, but they're not allowed to go to her how
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have to be supervised
Adam: Um, no, see, that's, that's the thing I'm, I'm just confused with is because like the other day on, I think it was last week, something, it was like when I miss my appointment, you know,
Adam: Individually individual was. It was a man and they had them. It was for they were interviewing my kids with like they detect it was watching and stuff. It was like a safe house thing or something.
Adam: Safe. So, um, um, yeah. So I was over there. They and then after they did the stuff with my kids I had them.
Adam: Talk to the to the detective in the CFD lady and
Adam: They were just
Adam: Telling me that I don't have to be supervised, I guess, date, but they don't even want her they want it really on the FaceTime, like, I can't. There's no legal stuff saying like, if she comes over here and wants to take her kids. I can't really stop her because she has
Adam: She has custody, though. Might as well right now but
Adam: I'm so it's like nothing really League was saying that she can't take them. But if she want if that's the rules are like if she does do that, then that's just gonna mess her up more in with you. I have d. And yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she'll be motivated. Maybe she bought so
Adam: So I burn. Yeah. So anyways, right now I'm just, it's just hard because I'm I am just taking care of. I just have both of my boys now full time. You know what I mean. So I just
Adam: Even just trying to do everything. I'm trying to get what I'm trying to get all their paperwork their social security their birth certificate
Adam: Because she don't want to give me her that because she believes she's gonna get them back for whatever. But right now I'm going to try to the they want me to
Adam: Go and file for custody and do all that the well that's the detective one in me to new and to go do get a restraining order on her because she had
Adam: She had come to my mom. She's been just showing up at my mom's house and other days she thought I guess I wasn't here. I was at work, because I i've been I got like a job, but it's like two days, and it's just like for inventory. So it's not really like dog job but
Gwenevere Abriel: I take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Wait, there's a lot to cover. So just just breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: In through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to get all of what you need. We're going to get every bit of information. Okay.
Adam: We're gonna get
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna get it done. We gotta, you have a lot going on. So what's important is that we kind of get organized
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You are working, which days.
Adam: Tuesday and Wednesday. Okay.
What time
Gwenevere Abriel: On
Adam: Tuesday I can still make it to group because today is like
Gwenevere Abriel: And trust me,
Gwenevere Abriel: Trust me, nobody can read my mind. Trust me, people, many people have tried
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your schedule.
Adam: Five to six on Tuesday, and then wednesday six in the morning till three
Gwenevere Abriel: So 6am to three on Wednesday, and it's 5am to six.
Adam: On low 5pm to
Adam: 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got to start over and never I ok I start over. Tuesday is 5pm to 10
Adam: You know 10 and 11
On
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday is what 6am
Adam: Two, three. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, got it. And somehow you're able to get away and break room or something on Tuesdays.
Adam: For what
Gwenevere Abriel: For group.
Adam: Well, no, because group is at 7am so I don't go to work till later in the evening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start over what I wrote down is 5pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Through 10am
Adam: Or no 5pm to 10pm, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does still sort of are you already up with the kids at that our anyway because there
Adam: Yeah, well. My little son. He don't go to school, but my older son, he goes to school. And that was another issue because, but I think with his grandma his mom, mom.
Adam: Is helping me take my son to school because I didn't have no way to take him to school because his school is kind of far from from where I'm at right now. So his grandma comes and picks them up and takes him to school and then I my mom or me picks him up after school at three
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, just wanting to know are you are already up in the early hour to get your son out of the house. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Beautiful. So now let's go into
Gwenevere Abriel: The I think you're trying to are you working on registering them on in different schools or you just want to gather social security and all their birth certificates and things like that, just to have it as a parent, which
Adam: Yeah okay, Mom. I'm not trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Chase Yeah.
Adam: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a part time job, you are getting them to school and you're trying to get this paperwork. There's also your children's mother trying to see these children and this man the perpetrator is were
Adam: Not allowed in mom's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying he's still there and he's not been arrested.
Adam: Me. He's out he's not there at her house. They she she's not with them anymore off to my kids. My kids had told her, I guess.
Adam: I don't know. I don't understand how she didn't know. But it was happening at her house and like I said she doesn't really pay attention to them.
Adam: But so he's out he's out but he's not there at her house anymore. And they broke up or whatever she kicked them out after she found out, and then she
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me, look at me, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you worried about the boys seeing their mother.
Adam: Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you worried about something.
Adam: Well, cuz she did when I did take Well like I said she can't, I can't tell her. No. When she when she wants the boys, so they
Adam: Should have these don't want them at her house and the time that I let her take the boys, they were supposed to be going to their grandmother's house to her mom's house and I didn't happen. She took them to her house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I haven't heard what you're worried about yet. What are you worried about
Adam: Now she's taking them to her house in line, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Inherently there's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with her house. I haven't heard what you're worried about
Adam: That for just showing up over there.
There we go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that they're worried about the safety of your kids.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Job this program, the safety of your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that right. I'm also staying with my mom. There's that pressure right you have a lot coming at you.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to decide what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that these kids need urgently. Let's say we know we structure consistently nutrition sleep love. We know what they need. That's important. Do they need anything in urgent way.
Adam: Most of the kids don't know they're
Adam: They're fine. I guess they just
Adam: Know not nothing urgent me now because she is on my side really now so there. They've been helping me they're going to help me like
Adam: Jerry said that there's places like for cars like that donate cars and stuff. So I just need a car so I could. I don't have to deal with her family at all. So I could take him to school.
And okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so do you know what to do to pursue an application for that car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been is does that feel like that's one of those really top priorities, like when you analyze all of the competing priorities that are coming at you because that can feel overwhelming for people. Does it seem like if you have to put energy into something, it would be that car.
Adam: I'm kind of one of the top three because
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what are the other two.
Adam: Their, their records their birth certificate their social and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, it tell me why that surgeon
Adam: Because I need to get them on to my case through like food stamps and I need to see when I have that I could switch from schools.
Adam: Because there's a school that my brother goes to right across the street. Now, my older son could go to and like right now it's just hard to like she hasn't told me anything like they said it's long term, but when
Adam: My baby mom comes involved. She's saying that she's getting them back and all this stuff. So like
Adam: I don't know if she was. She waved us telling her, like, if they're telling her, will you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here. Stay here. Stay you're
Looking
Gwenevere Abriel: It's harder to stay on topic when you right you're looking away so see if he can kind of hang out with me here. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: See why FD their job if we say stay from the outside is to see who the safest best parent is when she say that's kind of the job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have a perpetrator in the house. That's a no duh. So you're the safest option there, but they're also going to be looking at. Is there food in the fridge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there running water is there electricity. Is this a stable residence and they're also going to be kind of looking at the Father. So when you mentioned the car something kind of wrong true. I was like, Oh, I bet he needs that car to consistently have an income.
Gwenevere Abriel: He could look like an even better parent
Gwenevere Abriel: If he had that car. Now I could be wrong. I can't tell because I don't obviously I'm missing a lot a lot of details, but it's got to be hard to make a decision about where to put the energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the, have you looked at, let's say you had a choice of sort of filling out this paperwork and pursuing application for car versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Like all that's involved in filling out an application to get them on the food stamps with you right on your case, as you put it, I'm car stamps. What do you think it can you be putting energy into both or just one really demand your attention more
Adam: Well, I guess the one cuz I just really trend with the last couple days, getting their, their socials and
Adam: Stuff like that. Like I had just came that's I just barely got back to the house, like right now at one o'clock, so I had texted you. But
Adam: I was in. It was hard because my mom is the one taking me and she works. So she's been getting off early. But every time I go somewhere to try to get their conversative kid or will x i need their social first. And when I go try to do that.
Adam: There's always just something like because they told me I needed their shot record. So I had went to their doctor I got their shot record today. I went to Social Security office in they told me that they can't do it with their shot record that I need like their Medicaid card.
Adam: And other in their birth certificate or whatever. Okay, so that's, yeah. So I'm pretty really appealing to my main focus on to their
Adam: To getting this done. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I hear you, is this causing more tension with your mother.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's walk it back to that car again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had your own car. You'd be able to go do those things, not be disrupting the consistent residence with mom could be making more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could access all of these different locations, they're fine at the school are is, is it really rough with with food right now. Is that, is that really a thing where there's really truly not enough food. I mean, that might be a real thing. I don't know.
Adam: No, no, cuz I get my food stamps and then my mom.
Adam: She always makes sure there's there's always food in the house. It's not like green dying for food or anything, but um
Adam: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like the car like you need a car.
Adam: Yeah. Well, that's what I'm saying. That's what the detective told me that I just saw right now. I actually have to just work on getting my driver production because
Adam: I only have an ID right now my driver's license. I could get like it's not suspended or anything. I just need to go down to the MVD or whatever and buy one. It was like 3025 $30 or something. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot of money. If you don't have 25 $30 so
Adam: Yeah, exactly. So, um, but
Adam: And then I don't get paid to like Wednesday and it's not gonna be like a big old checker and thing I'm only working two days so
Adam: I'm but either way. I'm going to use whatever I get on Wednesday to go get my driver's license because
Adam: That's what a detective into it, lady. They just told me to work on. If I want a car to just work on getting my driver's license to show them that I my driver's license in the then from there, they could help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which day are you getting paid and going down there.
Adam: Wednesday next Wednesday. Okay, so you go
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go Wednesday. Now what I don't know if you have competing demands, if you're the type of Father, that if your kid says give me this. This will help me feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there goes that $35 but I don't know is if you'll do that and off goes that money that you needed for your license. I don't know you well enough to know how you're going to make sure that you get that license. There's a lot kind of connected to that licenses in there.
Adam: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything that would get in the way of you getting down there on Wednesday. Think it through, see if there's just, you can kind of predict what might get in the way.
Adam: Just, it gets me not.
Adam: Having somebody to watch the kids or something. But right now, but my mom. My mom has been helping me a lot, and I just know it's stressful stressful for her because there's just
Adam: All happened. Everybody just popped into her house, for I was here and now she has worked with her grandkids here, and I know it's just, just for for her to
Gwenevere Abriel: So, look at me. Have you told her I imagine this is stressful for you got all these people in your house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to have more income, be able to be a very stable father for my children. I think the priority is getting this license. Mom, can you cover me between blankety, blank on Wednesday. Have you had that conversation.
Adam: We have not about not about Wednesday about watching the kids or anything, but
Adam: We talked about having
Adam: About stress fullness and stuff about all that in
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't talk to her. What might happen on Wednesday.
Adam: She's not gonna know and I'm trying to do because, well, because I'm gonna have to use your car. I'm gonna use her car to do it because you have to
Adam: All actually nevermind. No, I don't. I thought, that's when you first get a car, you have to do the test drive and all that stuff, but
Adam: All I have to do is go down there will see anything is with getting my license. I need to get my glasses first actually because they make you do that I test or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to add that. Okay. So how much is an eye test.
Adam: So that
Adam: I just been too busy. I need to call. I'm pretty sure I could get it for free because I have Medicaid or whatever.
Adam: So that's, that's another thing I had to put on top of the list is calling to make appointment to get my glasses and
Adam: Because I don't think I'm going to be able to even get my driver's license without my glasses because they make you look inside this little thing and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get it, I get it. Adam Why haven't you gotten already. Think about it. Life has gotten in the way you've had Medicaid for a while stuff has gotten in the way it will continue to get in the way. I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really name it. What has gotten in the way of you getting your glasses. See if you can own what really got in the way.
Adam: Nothing I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there is, what is it, there's something
Adam: Just me not doing a real deal. It's just me not calling places to make appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look how earlier you had forgotten about the glasses you thought that the first step. Had to do with the DMV. Is it that you're not writing your to do list down
Adam: Yeah, probably.
Gwenevere Abriel: A piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got so much going on. How can you possibly remember everything
Gwenevere Abriel: On the back of your I'm assuming on the back of your Medicaid card, you probably have a reference there. Do you know really where to go to get that appointment.
Adam: Know that I just gonna have to look up different
Adam: Spaces, because I have like in the past couple months ago I was, I did try but not hard enough, because I just call it like two places and
Adam: They had told me that I had had to pay to for the eye exam and then the glasses are free, that the Medicare covers for the glasses, but are not paid for the eye exam.
Adam: I know before I just don't remember the place I went to what I had went before. And there are spaces that the Medicaid covers the eye exam and
Adam: And the glasses so I know there's a place here somewhere. I just need to call them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: A plan and you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Time today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice just as well. Right. So, just as I said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What came up for you. What was the thought as soon as I said you could make those calls that one call or three or four to get it scheduled what came up just now.
Adam: That I do have time after this session because I don't get my son till three. Okay. And I'm not really doing anything from to whoa, this is going to be over at two, so I have that little hour right quick to to do in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So notice as we were talking about IT MORE INFORMATION. STARTED TO GET uncovered. If you really look at what was getting away. I wonder why I didn't get my driver's license. It wasn't just one thing. There was a bit of stuff that needed a head of head of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the glasses.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had forgotten about that. So why don't you do a list of things on the left will say, there'll be a shortlist over on the left side, you might say today. And then on the right is the long term list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today it's schedule eye exam. Now, there's a lot of steps involved in that. You got to get the card flip it over, call a bunch of people got to get on that phone and say, hey, I need locations that are near here that are
Gwenevere Abriel: Covered if possible 100% under Medicaid and let me have those names and numbers and then you call them and maybe you'll get someone that's not friendly, maybe this person is busy and they're booked and then you call another place, and then another place. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to want to walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off that flood. Get off that phone with at least three names and numbers of eye exam places that are covered. You don't want to just get one want to have options when you leave the phone. They may say, Oh, I'm going to email you the whole list.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that might take a long time. And since you only have a little bit of time, you might say, that would be great to have that later on in the day. But I, I only have this hour in order to get this appointment, could I possibly just over the phone have three names and numbers.
Adam: Yeah, okay.
Adam: All right. Yeah. It's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're putting into motion right this plan that you have
Gwenevere Abriel: What else can you get done today that would feel like you're putting in motion, taking care of you keeping your protecting sobriety and making sure that you're taking care of your kids. You're respecting your mother, right, because you're in her home. What else do you need to do today.
Adam: Somewhere to cause the birth certificate, please. What to make sure to find out exactly where it is. And to make sure you can. I think it's just like $10 I need, so I need like $20 for that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so write that down. So you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: The percentage of your place is a little confusing. For example, someone loses their birth certificate, they kind of know which hospital and maybe they have to go to that hospital to get a copy of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is it that you are thinking you would go
Adam: Well, they had told me is some
Adam: I have it in my, in my other phone but it's, um,
Adam: It's someplace that's by a buyer college down here and Drake right next to it. I forget, I forget exactly what it's called but it's in my phone, but they told me to.
Adam: Call their will to go there. They told me to go there and but now that I've been trying for the last two days like my mom and get off early. And she'd been taking me to places but
Adam: I can ever nothing ends up happening like I can never get anything done really. So what I want to do first before my mom does get up early again and takes me is make sure I call all these places before I go and make sure I have all the right paperwork and go, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's smart. Be prepared so make sure I call
Gwenevere Abriel: To be prepared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Art
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing I need you are so, so notice that your mom's involved in this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see if there's something even before you right thinking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That use of her car and wanting to maintain the relationship with her because if that unravels
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what right there's a lot
Adam: More yeah I already she's already got to the point wish to
Adam: told me she couldn't she couldn't handle it no more because it was, it was really because my baby's mom because she kept on showing up over here and she broke a window or any
Gwenevere Abriel: So on the right hand side.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is what's your long term. These are not things you're going to do today. These are things you're going to do over the year
Adam: Driver's License get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you can write those down.
Adam: Their social security. Okay.
Adam: Write it down. Yeah, I have those and then find out
Adam: With the schools.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would like to to apply for a transfer right
Gwenevere Abriel: Then yeah, that'll be interesting, because typically right it's two parents and so maybe they'll need to and
Gwenevere Abriel: Something else may come up that might be a goal and there might be a few steps that end up emerging that you'll need to do before that. So that's okay. So, write it down. You want it, you said you want to change the school.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else over the next year so stretch out this thought way out.
Adam: There to
Adam: Get a better paying job so I could get my own thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, write down say full time full time job.
Adam: My car.
Adam: Car. Car
Yep, yep, yep, yep.
Adam: Go ahead. You got one on this domain, just getting my own place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, get my own place. Love it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now once you transfer children to a new school
Gwenevere Abriel: may not want to do it a second time. If you change location. So maybe having that in your mind know where will I live if I'm going to move my children from one school to the next. It might be nice to not move them again. Once you move having that in your mind.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what else I want you to think about that. She broke the window now. Now, what does it make you think about
Adam: What
Adam: No.
Adam: Very restraining order.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about maybe the best interest of the kids. What do you think
Adam: Is just I guess going
Adam: Going down to the court and
Adam: And seeing about the custody thing to see if
Adam: She has to, if we could get something where
Adam: She is scheduled today's to see them like certain days or supervisor or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, write, write down what you want. You want to have court ordered
Gwenevere Abriel: Custody sort of the parenting plan court ordered so that everyone's on the same page right to have that stated, legally, who has custody. You want it to go through the courts, so that you have some leverage
Adam: And
Adam: Happening because she keeps on mentioning because I still have that case again to the domestic violence thing and
Adam: That's when my mom was mad at me because she
Adam: Because I was just scared that she still has that over me and like I said I could be going to jail if she shows up in all this, though. So that's why
Adam: I was hesitant to get like a restraining order and to like really fight against to really, but they don't even matter to me anymore. Whatever happens with that court thing happens. But right now, which is about my kids in may consider
Adam: Yeah, yeah, some
Gwenevere Abriel: Restraining order, then we have history of there's a restraining order against this person you have see why lefties report, and then you have pursuing your goal of wanting to have a more clear parenting plan and custody.
Adam: Really clarified through the courts and it
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be easier if you have transportation your own place your own car and a steady income. Would you agree, yeah. Okay, so you can see why that list and starting to develop that it's going to help
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that long term goal and you've been talking about this particular goal for some time playing with it, deciding what do I do, I'm scared. I don't know what's going to happen to me and okay but something you had an intuition. Adam, that something might happen and you were right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there was something she she she's not making good parenting decisions. She put her children at risk. So now, children and you haven't mentioned this, but children that are touched in appropriately.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's professionals that know how to mitigate the harm of what that does, psychologically, so the sooner you can get professional help for your, your kids.
Adam: The better actually right now at 430 my older son has a counseling thing with them with USD that take them to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sooner the better. Hopefully it's a good one, Adam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your gut. Not everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everyone is the best that they can be not everyone's that great clinician not everyone's the best
Gwenevere Abriel: That your family deserves. Pay attention to your gut, your gut was right about what was going on over it at her house. If you think that this particular provider or whoever is off. Something's not right. Pay attention to it. Okay, it matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: They need you to protect them. They probably had some register along the way that something was off and they couldn't say anything could do anything about it. So we as adults need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Model, the ability to pay attention to our intuition or gut feeling about so and so I'm can't even say what it is. Okay, so you're going to do that. Pay attention to this provider. Just because someone has power and authority.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that that doesn't mean that they're going to be good care givers. That doesn't mean they're going to do the right thing. So pay attention.
Adam: All right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want your kids to be hurt again.
Adam: Yeah, I know.
Adam: The main thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Counselors in advertisement Lee will make children talk, long before it's appropriate.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can still be healing from something without having to retell the story. The re traumatized. So just, you can be asking the clinician. So what's your, what's your treatment approach in and how to support my son. You can ask
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to ask and understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Because little ones are confused about it. And so you may want to understand and then of course you could look it up. You could research, is this the best thing for such and such and such.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more than welcome to talk to me about it, but at least you're empowered. Don't assume just because people have these credentials that you don't have any rights to ask them questions and find out what their what their plot with the treatment plan is okay.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good. All right. So are you feeling a little bit more organized on what to do next.
Adam: Yeah a lot
Adam: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because what was coming at you, was just all these loose ends, but the reality is you know what you have, you have this love for your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you knew all along. Something wasn't wasn't quite right and you wanted to have them and it looks like it's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already got them in treatment to get some support through this and we just need to get you right in this sort of, I'm in my mature accountable. No more excuses adult role and Adam I know it's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you you have everything you need.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do, and I know it may seem like no, this is too much. But you have what it takes.
Adam: And in this is
Adam: And this might my time to
Adam: Really do what I wanted to do for my brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it's a messed up way it came about, no doubt, but let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. Let's do an in vivo exercise and just leave me here, leave me in in the in the zoom room hang up flip that card over go grab those three numbers for eyeglass places and see if if you get it in time, you can pop back in here and you can tell me what they are.
Adam: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't, then just send me a little text, maybe a little picture of those three names and numbers. If you scribble them on, on paper, then
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, I already did my homework sometimes having some pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: Can feel like, okay, I'm really going to get it done now. No excuses. So
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you hang up with me. We've got a fat 15 minutes here. Let's see where we get with it.
Adam: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna stay here and keep that phone charged either come back and show me or send me a picture of those names and numbers of optometrists
Adam: Alright, so what do I do I don't I don't leave
Gwenevere Abriel: You can leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. Yeah, it's okay. I'll stay here. You can go
Adam: Okay, so if I do, then I just go back to your
Adam: Okay.
Adam: And, um, one where I need them.
Adam: My prescription because I didn't get it on group day so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, we've got 15 minutes come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay.
Adam: So,
Adam: I did it right away. So I got an appointment tomorrow at one o'clock.
Adam: Tim Tim cool I depth to go up to cool or something like that.
Yes.
Adam: He got an appointment tomorrow and they accept my insurance for the eye exam and for glasses.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think was it as hard as you thought it would be.
Known
Adam: Right away I got like
Adam: I got two numbers. But the first one I call it was just my insurance only paid for the eye exam, but I would have to pay for the glasses. So then I called the other number and they said that my insurance will pay for both
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just write this in here. We got
Gwenevere Abriel: I need glasses. So we have on to 20 we have clients. Now you scheduled the appointment for tomorrow at one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Now that means conversation with someone about transportation. So right want to get ahead of that. Yeah.
Technical what was a call.
Adam: It's it's tempting optical optical okay and to call
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. Well great. You got it. Nicely done. Um, for our next appointment I wanted to know if Monday at 8am would work.
Adam: Yeah that should be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I'm going to send a message to have it edited or real right now.
Adam: Or I'm
What
Adam: I was
Adam: Because I get my have to get my son to school at that time on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not gonna work. You got to speak up.
Adam: I told you think
Adam: We it's too hard to do group and individual, the same day huh
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not hard. It's about insurance. They don't cover it like that. I used to, and they told me I can't do it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't have a lot of availability next week what I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Adam: You don't have like Thursday. Anytime I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's a possibility that Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: At one o'clock will work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm gonna, I think that can work well, we're gonna we're going to do that. Okay, we'll do Thursday at one
Adam: Okay, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if you end up landing a job. Don't forget about contacting me. Okay.
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to be able to book someone else in time. I can't do it. When the same day. I've got to be able to have like 24 hours to connect with someone to fill that spot.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really proud of you. I mean, you already knock something off your list.
Adam: Yeah.
Adam: I know
Adam: It wasn't. I just need to start calling places and
Adam: Making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got an hour, you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: To check on birth certificate. What do I need to bring to prove that it's me that I'm this child's parent blah blah blah blah blah and connecting with your mom. You've got to keep your mom. Okay.
Yeah.
Adam: We
Adam: have nowhere to stay
Adam: In
Gwenevere Abriel: The House make a dinner, something to write to be like so grateful. I know it's a lot, but that's the way we can show we're grateful. You've just got to kind of get through this next month.
Adam: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Adam: I could do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. So think of something sort of, you know, being direct about communication so that you're not throwing her curveballs at the end of her tire day
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I, you know, this is my plan for the week. I want to go here, here, and here I can prepare a meal on this day. This time, I can take care of breakfast. Here, here, here, I can do lunch here here here will really show her that you're you're one you really see how hard it is on her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. I'm impressed. And I will see you Tuesday morning at seven.
Adam: Alrighty. And what do I call the because I only had the my prescription for today. So when I need it for tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be sending a message to Dr. Aubrey all that you'll get an order to get you to Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, because you
Adam: Already
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, take care.
Adam: Thank you. Bye bye.